

Problem 11. Programming Languages• Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with information about the most popular programming languages. How similar are they to C#? How do they differ from C#?
• Write in a text file called  “programming-languages.txt”  at least five languages along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. Use English.

1. C++ - a general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features. Also provides the facilities for low-level memory manipulation.

2. Java - One design goal of Java is portability, which means that programs written for the Java platform must run similarly on any combination of hardware and operating system with adequate runtime support. This is achieved by compiling the Java language code to an intermediate representation called Java bytecode, instead of directly to architecture-specific machine code. Java bytecode instructions are analogous to machine code, but they are intended to be executed by a virtual machine (VM) written specifically for the host hardware. Major benefit of using bytecode is porting. However, the overhead of interpretation means that interpreted programs almost always run more slowly than programs compiled to native executables would. Programs written in Java have a reputation for being slower and requiring more memory than those written in C++.

3. PHP - is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language. PHP code can be simply mixed with HTML code, or it can be used in combination with various templating engines and web frameworks. After the PHP code is interpreted and executed, the web server sends resulting output to its client, usually in form of a part of the generated web page; for example, PHP code can generate a web page's HTML code, an image, or some other data. 

4. Rythom - is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C++ or Java. Python interpreters are available for installation on many operating systems, allowing Python code execution on a wide variety of systems. An important goal of the Python developers is making Python fun to use. This is reflected in the origin of the name which comes from Monty Python and in an occasionally playful approach to tutorials and reference materials, for example using spam and eggs instead of the standard foo and bar.

5. Ruby - is a dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose programming language. Ruby is designed for programmer productivity and fun, following the principles of good user interface design. Ruby is said to follow the principle of least astonishment (POLA), meaning that the language should behave in such a way as to minimize confusion for experienced users, by minimizing programmer work and possible confusion.
